v3.05 (tested with Max 2024 only)
FIX: Berconmap types display their type (e.g., "BerconWood") instead of just a generic 'Texture' in Slate editor. An override was required on the localized name.

FIX: xyz_tile only referencing IDS_XYZ_TILE_X [though in practice I don't think it matters]

FIX: prevent setting tiling scale to zero in XYZ pblock

FIX: Random by Material checkbox/XYZ pblock. Wrong parameter label for random by material checkbox, and so this function did not work.

FIX: Prevent user from using Slate spinner to set tiling option to invalid value.

FIX: Macros defining versions can't be used in place of values like 25900 without setting up a separate definitions file for them. Max 2021 does not know the version number of Max 2024. :)

ADD comments for future maintainers

CHANGE "BerconMapping" to "BerconDistortion"

REFACTOR: berconcommon uvwgen switch cases. The "Filtering:" setting was never reached except in case 0 or 1. It is now active for all map coordinate systems.

KNOWN ISSUE: Gradient keys will not sort. I suspect they are sorted, but the new sort is never actually sent to the dialog window handler. (Issue present in previous commit)

KNOWN ISSUE: Gradient keys "reset" function does not work - unknown when it stopped working, or why. Current implementation needs to be rethought. "Reset" also adds two keys on top of 0 and 1. Using "Reset" multiple times can result in multiple keys being stacked at positions 0.f and 1.f.
 
OTHER: Tweaked dialog boxes for alignment and readability (words slightly cut off, more space for options to be readable, etc.)

NOTE: In Slate editor, map channel is always preset to 0 (but correctly set to 1 in dialog box). This is a cosmetic issue, albeit an annoying one. I deem it to be an Autodesk issue.

NOTE: The custom control curve slows things down in "Realistic Maps" mode, or when rendering. It takes only a few maps to bring the session down to a crawl on a Skylake-X chip with 24 threads, an RTX 4070, and 128GB of RAM.

NOTE FOR USERS:
Note for users, nitrous viewport only matches render if viewport is in Shaded Maps mode (not Realistic mode), Explicit Map Channel is set and object has no UVW map. Assigning a UVW map will enable both modes.
If "variance" is used note that the same map applied to different objects will result in an incorrect preview. This is because the map is only evaluated once for the nitrous viewport; two or more objects sharing the same material with random variance are effectively multiple maps as far as 3DSMax is concerned. This is why you will only get one preview image in the material editor for any map.
